VAULT-37329: clarify month normalizations in Counters and Export API's (#649)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.19.x/content/api-docs/system/internal-counters.mdx

in the queried period. The `end_time` is the end of the final month of the queried
period.

> <Note>
> 
> This API supports only monthly granularity until support for daily-level is added. Until then, 
> the `start_time` and `end_time` values in the reponse are normalized to align with full calendar months. 
> This normalization occurs whether the times are explicitly provided in the request or defaulted by Vault.
> 
> - The `start_time` is normalized to the start of the month in which the effective `start_time` falls.
> - The `end_time` is normalized to the end of the month in which the effective `end_time` falls.
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/sys/internal/counters` endpoint only supports monthly granularity. As a
result, the `start_time` and `end_time` values in API reponses are normalized to
align with full calendar months.

Normalization occurs whether you provide explicitly times in the request or use
the defaults:

- `start_time` normalizes to the start of the month in which the effective `start_time` falls.
- `end_time` normalizes to the end of the month in which the effective `end_time` falls.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, limit use of asides, focus on current functionality rather than future functionality

- The response includes the actual time period covered, which may not exactly
match the query parameters due to the month granularity of data or missing
months in the requested time range. Vault always normalizes the effective

> `start_time` and `end_time` to full clandar months by adjusting `start_time` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`start_time` and `end_time` to full calendar months by adjusting `start_time` to
```

Author: Ah good catch, Jenny, thanks!
